Document iBeacon allowlist option (#30063)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ibeacon.markdown

iBeacon devices that do not have stable Major and Minor values are not supported. The system automatically removes iBeacon devices with unstable Major and Minor values once ten (10) or more Major and Minor values have been seen with the same UUID from an iBeacon device with a fixed MAC address.

> Moreover, iBeacon devices that do not broadcast their device name are ignored (to avoid flooding your system with devices that are not real beacons).
> You can explicitly allow a list of UUIDs to be detected even with an empty device name in the integration options
> ({% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & Services**" %} > **iBeacon Tracker** > **Configure**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system will not automatically create iBeacon devices for beacons that do not broadcast their name to avoid inundating your system with transient devices.

To explicitly allow a list of UUIDs to be added even with an empty device name, add them via the integration options:

{% include integrations/option_flow.md %}
```

> 

Reviewer: You can use `{% include integrations/option_flow.md %}`

iBeacon devices that do not have stable Major and Minor values are not supported. The system automatically removes iBeacon devices with unstable Major and Minor values once ten (10) or more Major and Minor values have been seen with the same UUID from an iBeacon device with a fixed MAC address.

The system will not automatically create iBeacon devices for beacons that do not broadcast their name to avoid inundating your system with transient devices.

> To explicitly allow a list of UUIDs to be added even with an empty device name, add them via the integration options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To explicitly allow a list of UUIDs to be added even with an empty device name, add them via the integration options.
```
